zh,en;replace `kubectl edit` to `kubectl patch` (#1565)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-gcp-gke.md

## Upgrade

> To upgrade the TiDB cluster, executing command `kubectl patch tc basic -n tidb-cluster --type merge -p '{"spec":{"version":"${version}"}}`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To upgrade the TiDB cluster, execute the following command:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
kubectl patch tc basic -n tidb-cluster --type merge -p '{"spec":{"version":"${version}"}}`.
```
````
